DA43dsMax/instructions/before_you_begin.md, before:

# Before you begin...

## 1. Import the Postman Environment for the tutorial

Postman *environments* are named configurations that implement environment variables to store values you typically use across many HTTP requests. For example, you can save the Access Token to use for all HTTP requests, in a variable named `dasApiToken`. 

To import the environment you need for this tutorial:

1. Download the file *DA43dsMax Tutorial.postman_environment.json* from the [*collections* folder of this repository](../collections).

2. Import *DA43dsMax Tutorial.postman_environment.json*:

    1. In the Postman header bar, click **Import**. A dialog displays.

    2. Drag the file you downloaded in Step 1 to the area marked **Drop files here**. Alternatively, you can click **Choose Files** and find the file you downloaded in Step 1.

3. Click the environment drop-down on the upper-right, and select **DA43dsMax Tutorial**. The DA43dsMax Tutorial environment loads.

   ![Postman Environment drop-down](../images/postman_environment_dropdown.png "Postman Environment drop-down")

## 2. Import the Postman Collection for the tutorial.

Postman *Collections* are groups of prepopulated HTTP requests. 

To import the requests you need for this tutorial:

1. Download the file *DA43dsMax Tutorial.postman_collection.json* from the [*collections* folder of this repository](../collections).

2. Import *DA43dsMax Tutorial.postman_collection.json*:

    1. In the Postman header bar, click **Import**. A dialog displays.

    2. Drag the file you downloaded in Step 1 to the area marked **Drop files here**. Alternatively, you can click **Choose Files** and find the file you downloaded in Step 1.


[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md")  [:arrow_forward:](task-1.md "Next task")

Commit message:

Design automation/authentication update (#4)
* Updated new collection

* ENvoronment Variables > Collection Variables

* Deleted redundant line

* Renamed last step

* Updated main images

* Updated images for task1 and 2

* Updated task

* Updated task3

* Updated Task 4

* Updated Task 5

* Updated task 6

* Updated Task 7

* Made sub topics sentence case

* Updated inventor collections

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated APS Portal to Postman images

* Updated images

* Updated Revit Tutorial

* renamed images

* Partial upload of new screenshots

* Minor deletion of images

* Partial upload of new images

* partial upload of new screen captures

* Added missing images

* Updated main image

* Update task-4.md

Environment Variables -> Collection Variables

* Update before_you_begin.md

Added zip file instructions

* Update before_you_begin.md

Synced Revit with Inventor

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Added Nav b uttons

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Fixed issue with Tutorial naming

* Fixed issue with tutorial name

* Fixed issue with supported Inventor Versions

* Fixed issue with Authentication version support

* Update supported versions

* Updated supported Postman info

* Updated supported versions

* Updated Model Derivative badges

* Fixed Tutorial name issue

* Updated 3dsMax tutorial instructions

* Updated all screen captures

* Replaced missing image

* Updated images

* Updated collections

* Updated collections

* Added images

* Fixed bugs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jayanath Perera <jayanath.perera@autodesk.com>

DA43dsMax/instructions/before_you_begin.md, after:

# Before you begin...

## Import the Postman Collection and Postman environment.

Postman Collections are groups of prepopulated HTTP requests. They can also contain scripts that are executed when you send an HTTP request, and/or recieve a response.

Postman environments are named configurations that implement environment variables to store values you typically use across many HTTP requests. For example, this Postman Collection stores the Access Token, which is used across most HTTP requests, in a variable named `dasApiToken`.

To import the Postman Collection and environment you need for this tutorial:

1. Download the following zip file from the [*collections* folder](../collections) and expand it on your local machine.

    - _3dsmax_collections.zip_

2. In the Postman header bar, click **Import**. A dialog displays.

3. Drag the file you expanded in step 1 to the area marked **Drop files here**. Alternatively, you can click **Choose Files** and pick the files you downloaded in step 1.

4. Click the environment drop-down on the upper-right, and select **DA43dsMax Tutorial**. The environment containing the variables for the tutorial loads.

   ![Postman Environment drop-down](../images/postman_environment_dropdown.png "Postman Environment drop-down")

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md")  [:arrow_forward:](task-1.md "Next task")
