DA43dsMax/instructions/task-6.md, before:

# Task 6 - Download the results

Before you download the results from from your WorkItem, it must must complete execution. You can periodically check the status of the WorkItem and download the results once execution is complete. Alternatively, you can get Design Automation to send a POST request to a callback URL you specify, once execution is done. 

In this tutorial, you will periodically check the status of the WorkItem. 

For information on how to specify a callback URL instead, see the [APS developer portal](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/callbacks/#oncomplete-callback).

## Check Status of a WorkItem

Design Automation queues WorkItems before processing them. Processing itself can take time. As such, it is important for you to check the status of the WorkItem you created, to know when the WorkItem completes, and whether the WorkItem ran successfully or not. 

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Download the Result > GET Check Status of the WorkItem**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. If the WorkItem from Task 5 is still executing, you should see a screen similar to the following, where status reads `inprogress`.

    ![WorkItem Status check result](../images/task6-check_status.png "WorkItem Status check result")

3. Repeat Step 2, until you see a screen similar to the following, where the status reads `success`.

    ![WorkItem Status check result](../images/task6-final_status.png "WorkItem Status check result")
    
## Download the output from OSS

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Download the Result > GET Download Output from OSS**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task6-download_step_1.png "Download Result")

3. In the response area, click **Save Response > Save to a file**. The output file downloads. Save the file as a *.zip* file, when prompted.

    ![Download Result](../images/task6-download_step_2.png "Download Result")

Congratulations! You have completed this tutorial.

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-5.md "Previous task")

Commit message:

Design automation/authentication update (#4)
* Updated new collection

* ENvoronment Variables > Collection Variables

* Deleted redundant line

* Renamed last step

* Updated main images

* Updated images for task1 and 2

* Updated task

* Updated task3

* Updated Task 4

* Updated Task 5

* Updated task 6

* Updated Task 7

* Made sub topics sentence case

* Updated inventor collections

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated APS Portal to Postman images

* Updated images

* Updated Revit Tutorial

* renamed images

* Partial upload of new screenshots

* Minor deletion of images

* Partial upload of new images

* partial upload of new screen captures

* Added missing images

* Updated main image

* Update task-4.md

Environment Variables -> Collection Variables

* Update before_you_begin.md

Added zip file instructions

* Update before_you_begin.md

Synced Revit with Inventor

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Added Nav b uttons

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Fixed issue with Tutorial naming

* Fixed issue with tutorial name

* Fixed issue with supported Inventor Versions

* Fixed issue with Authentication version support

* Update supported versions

* Updated supported Postman info

* Updated supported versions

* Updated Model Derivative badges

* Fixed Tutorial name issue

* Updated 3dsMax tutorial instructions

* Updated all screen captures

* Replaced missing image

* Updated images

* Updated collections

* Updated collections

* Added images

* Fixed bugs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jayanath Perera <jayanath.perera@autodesk.com>

DA43dsMax/instructions/task-6.md, after:

# Task 6 - Download the results

Before you download the results from from your WorkItem, it must must complete execution. You can periodically check the status of the WorkItem and download the results once execution is complete. Alternatively, you can get Design Automation to send a POST request to a callback URL you specify, once execution is done.

In this tutorial, you will periodically check the status of the WorkItem.

For information on how to specify a callback URL instead, see the [APS developer portal](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/callbacks/#oncomplete-callback).

## Check Status of a WorkItem

Design Automation queues WorkItems before processing them. Processing itself can take time. As such, it is important for you to check the status of the WorkItem you created, to know when the WorkItem completes, and whether the WorkItem ran successfully or not.

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Download the Result > GET Check Status of the WorkItem**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. If the WorkItem from Task 5 is still executing, you should see a screen similar to the following, where status reads `inprogress`.

    ![WorkItem Status check result](../images/task6-check_status.png "WorkItem Status check result")

3. Repeat Step 2, until you see a screen similar to the following, where the status reads `success`.

    ![WorkItem Status check result](../images/task6-final_status.png "WorkItem Status check result")

## Get temporary download URL for the result

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Download the Result > GET Get S3 Download URL for Output**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download URL](../images/task7-download_url.png "Download URL")

## Download the output from OSS

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Download the Result > GET Download Output from OSS**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task6-download_step_1.png "Download Result")

3. In the response area, click **Save Response to a file**. The output file downloads. Save the file as a *.zip* file, when prompted.

    ![Download Result](../images/task6-download_step_2.png "Download Result")

Congratulations! You have completed this tutorial.

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-5.md "Previous task")
