DA4ACAD/instructions/task-1.md, before:

# Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token

## Create an App

1. Follow the instructions on the tutorial [Create an App](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v1/tutorials/create-app/).
 When specifying details of the app,  select "Design Automation API" and "Data Management API".

2. Jot down the Client ID and Client Secret of the app you created.

## Save Client ID and Client Secret to Postman Environment Variables

In the DA4ACAD Tutorial environment that you selected earlier, there are two Postman Environment Variables named `client_id` and `client_secret`. By setting these variables, you don't need to specify their values when you send HTTP requests to APS.

To set the environment variables:

1. Click the **Environment quick look** icon on the upper right corner of Postman.
   ![Environment quick look icon](../images/task1-environment_quick_look_icon.png "Environment quick look icon")

2. Click in the **CURRENT VALUE** column on the **client_id** row. The Edit icon displays.

    ![Edit Environment Variable](../images/task1-environment_edit_variable.png "Edit Environment Variable")

3. Click the Edit icon, and enter the Client ID you jotted down earlier.

4. Similarly, enter the Client Secret you jotted down earlier in the **CURRENT VALUE** column on the **client_secret** row.

5. Click the **Environment quick look** icon again.

## Get an Access Token

To get an Access Token, you must send an `authenticate` request to APS. The Postman collection has a prepopulated authenticate request that you can send. To send the request to APS:

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token > POST Get an Access Token**. The request loads.

2. Click the **Body** tab.

3. Move the cursor over the **Value** column of the **client_id** and **client_secret**, and verify that the values you specified as environment variables are displayed.
   ![Preview Client Id and Client Secret](../images/task1-preview_environment_variables.png "Preview Client Id and Client Secret")

4. Click **Send**. The request is sent to APS. If your request authenticates successfully, you should see a response similar to the following:
![Successful authentication](../images/task2-authenticate_successfull.png "Successful authentication")

Postman saves the Access Token in the Postman Environment Variable `dasApiToken`. Postman picks up the Access Token from this variable for all subsequent requests. This variable eliminates the need for you to repeatedly specify the value of the token for subsequent requests.


[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](before_you_begin.md "Previous task" ) [:arrow_forward:](task-2.md "Next task")

Commit message:

Design automation/authentication update (#4)
* Updated new collection

* ENvoronment Variables > Collection Variables

* Deleted redundant line

* Renamed last step

* Updated main images

* Updated images for task1 and 2

* Updated task

* Updated task3

* Updated Task 4

* Updated Task 5

* Updated task 6

* Updated Task 7

* Made sub topics sentence case

* Updated inventor collections

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated APS Portal to Postman images

* Updated images

* Updated Revit Tutorial

* renamed images

* Partial upload of new screenshots

* Minor deletion of images

* Partial upload of new images

* partial upload of new screen captures

* Added missing images

* Updated main image

* Update task-4.md

Environment Variables -> Collection Variables

* Update before_you_begin.md

Added zip file instructions

* Update before_you_begin.md

Synced Revit with Inventor

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Added Nav b uttons

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Fixed issue with Tutorial naming

* Fixed issue with tutorial name

* Fixed issue with supported Inventor Versions

* Fixed issue with Authentication version support

* Update supported versions

* Updated supported Postman info

* Updated supported versions

* Updated Model Derivative badges

* Fixed Tutorial name issue

* Updated 3dsMax tutorial instructions

* Updated all screen captures

* Replaced missing image

* Updated images

* Updated collections

* Updated collections

* Added images

* Fixed bugs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jayanath Perera <jayanath.perera@autodesk.com>

DA4ACAD/instructions/task-1.md, after:

# Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token

## Create an App

1. Follow the instructions on the tutorial [Create an App](https://aps-stg.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v2/tutorials/create-app/).
 When specifying **API Access**, ensure that "Design Automation API" and "Data Management API" are selected.

2. Note down the Client ID and Client Secret of the app you created.

## Save Client ID and Client Secret to Postman Environment Variables

In the DA4ACAD Tutorial environment that you selected earlier, there are two Postman Environment Variables named `client_id` and `client_secret`. By setting these variables, you don't need to specify their values when you send HTTP requests to APS.

To set the environment variables:

1. Click the **Environment quick look** icon on the upper right corner of Postman.
   ![Environment quick look icon](../images/task1-environment_quick_look_icon.png "Environment quick look icon")

2. Click in the **CURRENT VALUE** column on the **client_id** row. The Edit icon displays.

    ![Edit Environment Variable](../images/task1-environment_edit_variable.png "Edit Environment Variable")

3. Click the Edit icon, and enter the Client ID you jotted down earlier.

4. Similarly, enter the Client Secret you jotted down earlier in the **CURRENT VALUE** column on the **client_secret** row.

5. Click the **Environment quick look** icon again.

## Get an Access Token

To get an Access Token, you must send an `authenticate` request to APS. The Postman collection has a pre-populated authenticate request that you can send. To send the request to APS:

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 1 - Obtain an Access Token > POST Get an Access Token**. The request loads.

2. Click the **Pre-request Script** tab. Notice how a script (written in JavaScript) takes the Client ID and Client Secret, concatenates them, converts to a Base64 encoded string, and saves it back to a Postman Collection Variable named `client_auth_keys`.

   ![Preview Client Id and Client Secret](../images/task1-preview_environment_variables.png "Preview Client Id and Client Secret")

3. Click the **Headers** tab. Take note of how `client_auth_keys` is used in the request header.

4. Click the **Body** tab. Take note of how the required scopes are specified.  

5. Click **Send**. The request is sent to APS. If your request authenticates successfully, you should see a response similar to the following:

![Successful authentication](../images/task2-authenticate_successfull.png "Successful authentication")

Postman saves the Access Token to a Postman Collection Variable named `dasApiToken`. Postman picks up the Access Token from this variable for all subsequent requests. This variable eliminates the need for you to repeatedly specify the value of the token for subsequent requests.


[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](before_you_begin.md "Previous task" ) [:arrow_forward:](task-2.md "Next task")
