DA4ACAD/instructions/task-6.md, before:

# Task 6 - Submit a WorkItem

When you submit a WorkItem to Design Automation, you are instructing Design Automation to execute the Activity specified in the WorkItem.

The relationship between an Activity and a WorkItem can be thought of as the relationship between a “function definition” and “function call”.
Named parameters on the Activity have corresponding named arguments on the WorkItem.
Like in function calls, optional parameters of the Activity can be skipped and left unspecified while posting a WorkItem.

For this exercise, you create a WorkItem to execute the Activity ListLayers. The WorkItem uses the dwg file you uploaded in the previous task as the input for the Activity. The request downloads the dwg file from the signed URL stored in the variable 'ossDwgFileSignedUrl'.

## Create a WorkItem

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Submit a WorkItem > Create a WorkItem**. The request loads.

2. Click the **Body** tab and observe how the Activity ID, the input file, and the output file are specified.

3. Click **Send**. If the request is successful you should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![ListLayersResultUrl](../images/task6-result_url.png "ListLayersResultUrl")

    The main attributes on the JSON payload are:

    - `activityId` - Specifies what Activity to execute. The id you specify here must be a fully qualified id. A fully qualified id is made up of three parts. They start with the Nickname of the app (or the Client Id of the app. The Nickname is followed by the '.' character, which in turn is followed by the Activity name. This is followed by the '+' character and finally the Activity Alias. For more information on fully qualified ids and unqualified ids, see the [documentation on ids](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/aliases-and-ids/#ids).

    - `arguments` - Contains all the parameters that need to be passed to the Activity specified by `activityId`. They must match the parameters you specified in Task 4, when you created the Activity.

    - `InputDwg` - Specifies how to obtain the input dwg file for the Activity. The value specified here is the Postman variable `ossDwgFileSignedUrl`, which contains the signed download URL you created in Task 5.

    **Note** Had you uploaded a zip file instead of a dwg file, you would have been required specify the `pathInZip` attribute. This attribute specifies the path to the dwg file within the zip file.

    - `result` - Specifies the signed URL to the location reserved for the output of the activity.


## Check Status of a WorkItem

Design Automation WorkItems are queued before they are processed. Processing itself can take time. Once processing is done, you need to know if the WorkItems ran successfully or not. As such it is important for you to check the status of the WorkItem you created.

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Submit a WorkItem > Check Status of a WorkItem**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![WorkItem Status check result](../images/task6-check_status.png "WorkItem Status check result")

**Note:** The best practice is to use the `onComplete` argument when submitting a WorkItem. The `onComplete` argument enables you to specify a callback URL, which is invoked when execution completes. For more information on the argument, see the [documentation on Callbacks](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/callbacks/#oncomplete-callback).

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-5.md "Previous task") [:arrow_forward:](task-7.md "Next task")

Commit message:

Design automation/authentication update (#4)
* Updated new collection

* ENvoronment Variables > Collection Variables

* Deleted redundant line

* Renamed last step

* Updated main images

* Updated images for task1 and 2

* Updated task

* Updated task3

* Updated Task 4

* Updated Task 5

* Updated task 6

* Updated Task 7

* Made sub topics sentence case

* Updated inventor collections

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated APS Portal to Postman images

* Updated images

* Updated Revit Tutorial

* renamed images

* Partial upload of new screenshots

* Minor deletion of images

* Partial upload of new images

* partial upload of new screen captures

* Added missing images

* Updated main image

* Update task-4.md

Environment Variables -> Collection Variables

* Update before_you_begin.md

Added zip file instructions

* Update before_you_begin.md

Synced Revit with Inventor

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Added Nav b uttons

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Fixed issue with Tutorial naming

* Fixed issue with tutorial name

* Fixed issue with supported Inventor Versions

* Fixed issue with Authentication version support

* Update supported versions

* Updated supported Postman info

* Updated supported versions

* Updated Model Derivative badges

* Fixed Tutorial name issue

* Updated 3dsMax tutorial instructions

* Updated all screen captures

* Replaced missing image

* Updated images

* Updated collections

* Updated collections

* Added images

* Fixed bugs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jayanath Perera <jayanath.perera@autodesk.com>

DA4ACAD/instructions/task-6.md, after:

# Task 6 - Submit a WorkItem

When you submit a WorkItem to Design Automation, you are instructing Design Automation to execute the Activity specified in the WorkItem.

The relationship between an Activity and a WorkItem can be thought of as the relationship between a “function definition” and “function call”.
Named parameters on the Activity have corresponding named arguments on the WorkItem.
Like in function calls, optional parameters of the Activity can be skipped and left unspecified while posting a WorkItem.

For this exercise, you create a WorkItem to execute the Activity ListLayers. The WorkItem uses the dwg file you uploaded in the previous task as the input for the Activity.

## Create a WorkItem


1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 6 - Submit a WorkItem > Create a WorkItem**. The request loads.

2. Click the **Body** tab and observe how the Activity ID, the input file, and the output file are specified.

3. Click **Send**. If the request is successful you should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![ListLayersResultUrl](../images/task6-result_url.png "ListLayersResultUrl")

    The main attributes on the JSON payload are:

    - `activityId` - Specifies what Activity to execute. The id you specify here must be a fully qualified id. A fully qualified id is made up of three parts. They start with the Nickname of the app (or the Client Id of the app. The Nickname is followed by the '.' character, which in turn is followed by the Activity name. This is followed by the '+' character and finally the Activity Alias. For more information on fully qualified ids and unqualified ids, see the [documentation on ids](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/aliases-and-ids/#ids).

    - `arguments` - Contains all the parameters that need to be passed to the Activity specified by `activityId`. They must match the parameters you specified in Task 4, when you created the Activity.

    - `InputDwg` - Specifies the URN of the input dwg file for the Activity. It is constructed by combining the Object ID of the input dwg file with the Bucket Key and the statement `urn:adsk.objects:os.object:`.

    **Note** Had you uploaded a zip file instead of a dwg file, you would have been required specify the `pathInZip` attribute. This attribute specifies the path to the dwg file within the zip file.

    - `result` - Specifies the URN  of the output file resulting from the activity. It is constructed by combining the Object ID of the resulting text file with the Bucket Key and the statement `urn:adsk.objects:os.object:`.


## Check status of a WorkItem

Design Automation WorkItems are queued before they are processed. Processing itself can take time. Once processing is done, you need to know if the WorkItems ran successfully or not. As such it is important for you to check the status of the WorkItem you created.

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Submit a WorkItem > Check Status of a WorkItem**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![WorkItem Status check result](../images/task6-check_status.png "WorkItem Status check result")

**Note:** The best practice is to use the `onComplete` argument when submitting a WorkItem. The `onComplete` argument enables you to specify a callback URL, which is invoked when execution completes. For more information on the argument, see the [documentation on Callbacks](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/design-automation/v3/developers_guide/callbacks/#oncomplete-callback).

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-5.md "Previous task") [:arrow_forward:](task-7.md "Next task")
