ModelDerivative_02/instructions/task-4.md, before:

# Task 4 - Download the STL file

Before you download the STL file you must make sure that the translation job is complete. In the previous task a script captured the URN of the STL file in a variable named `dv_urn_0`


## Obtain Signed Cookie

Signed cookies give you the ability to securely download the generated STL file for a short period of time. To obtain the download URL and signed cookies for the STL file:

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 4 - Download STL File > GET Obtain Signed Cookie**. The request loads.

   Note the use of the variables `t2_url_safe_urn_of_source` and `dv_urn_0` as URI parameters.

2. Click the **Headers** tab. Notice that the `Authorization` header is already defined.

    ![Obtain Signed Cookie](../images/tutorial02_obtain_signed_cookies_01.png "Obtain Signed Cookie")

3. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

   Notice how the response body contains the download URL. A script in the **Tests** tab captures the download URL to the `ContentDownloadSignedURL`  Postman   environment variable.

    ![Obtained Cookie](../images/tutorial02_obtain_signed_cookies_02.png "Obtained Cookie")
    
4. Click on the Response **Headers** tab. Notice how the response contains 3 header parameters named `set-cookie`. A script in the **Tests** saves the values of these parameters to the `set-cookie-header_1`, `set-cookie-header_2` and `set-cookie-header_3` environment variables.

    ![Response Headers](../images/tutorial02_obtain_signed_cookies_03.png "Response Headers")
    
 ## Download STL file.

Now you have obtained the download URL and signed cookie, you can download the STL file now. To download the STL file:

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 4 - Download STL File > GET Download STL File**. The request loads.

   Note the use of the variables `ContentDownloadSignedURL` as URI.

2. Click the **Headers** tab. Notice that the `Cookie` header is made up of `set-cookie-header_1`, `set-cookie-header_2` and `set-cookie-header_3`

    ![Cookie Headers Download](../images/tutorial02_download_stl_file_01.png "Cookie Headers Download")

3. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image. In the response area, click Save Response > Save to a file. Save the file as *tuner.stl*, when prompted.

    ![Download Result](../images/tutorial02_download_stl_file_02.png "Download Result")

Congratulations! You have completed this walkthrough.

To display the saved file:

- If you are using an Apple Macintosh, right-click *tuner.stl* in Finder and select **Quick Look** from the menu.

- If you are using Windows, right-click *tuner.stl* in Windows Explorer and select **Open with > 3D Viewer** from the menu.

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-3.md "Previous task")

Commit message:

Updated instructions to use oAuth V2
Updated instructions to use oAuth V2

ModelDerivative_02/instructions/task-4.md, after:

# Task 4 - Download the STL file

> **Important:** These instructions are specific to Postman V10. If you are using a newer version of Postman, you may notice slight differences in the interface or steps, but the basic procedure should remain similar.

Before you download the STL file you must make sure that the translation job is complete. In the previous task a script captured the URN of the STL file in a variable named `dv_urn_0`


## Obtain Signed Cookie

Signed cookies give you the ability to securely download the generated STL file for a short period of time. To obtain the download URL and signed cookies for the STL file:

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 4 - Download STL File > GET Obtain Signed Cookie**. The request loads.

   Note the use of the variables `t2_url_safe_urn_of_source` and `dv_urn_0` as URI parameters.

2. Click the **Headers** tab. Notice that the `Authorization` header is already defined.

    ![Obtain Signed Cookie](../images/tutorial02_obtain_signed_cookies_01.png "Obtain Signed Cookie")

3. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

   Notice how the response body contains the download URL. A script in the **Tests** tab captures the download URL to the `ContentDownloadSignedURL`  Postman   environment variable.

    ![Obtained Cookie](../images/tutorial02_obtain_signed_cookies_02.png "Obtained Cookie")
    
4. Click on the Response **Headers** tab. Notice how the response contains 3 header parameters named `set-cookie`. A script in the **Tests** saves the values of these parameters to the `set-cookie-header_1`, `set-cookie-header_2` and `set-cookie-header_3` environment variables.

    ![Response Headers](../images/tutorial02_obtain_signed_cookies_03.png "Response Headers")
    
 ## Download STL file.

Now you have obtained the download URL and signed cookie, you can download the STL file now. To download the STL file:

1. In the Postman sidebar, click **Task 4 - Download STL File > GET Download STL File**. The request loads.

   Note the use of the variables `ContentDownloadSignedURL` as URI.

2. Click the **Headers** tab. Notice that the `Cookie` header is made up of `set-cookie-header_1`, `set-cookie-header_2` and `set-cookie-header_3`

    ![Cookie Headers Download](../images/tutorial02_download_stl_file_01.png "Cookie Headers Download")

3. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image. In the response area, click Save Response > Save to a file. Save the file as *tuner.stl*, when prompted.

    ![Download Result](../images/tutorial02_download_stl_file_02.png "Download Result")

Congratulations! You have completed this walkthrough.

To display the saved file:

- If you are using an Apple Macintosh, right-click *tuner.stl* in Finder and select **Quick Look** from the menu.

- If you are using Windows, right-click *tuner.stl* in Windows Explorer and select **Open with > 3D Viewer** from the menu.

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-3.md "Previous task")
