DA4Inventor/instructions/task-7.md, before:

# Task 7 - Download the results

Once the WorkItem has completed executing the Activity, Design Automation uploads the resulting files to OSS. You use the Data Management API to download the text file to your local machine.

## Download the resized IPT file from OSS

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Download the Results > GET Download Resized IPT file from OSS**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_1.png "Download Result")

3. In the response area, click **Save Response > Save to a file**. The output file downloads. Save the file as a *.ipt* file.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_2.png "Download Result")

## Download the generated BMP file from OSS

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Download the Results > GET Download Generated BMP file from OSS**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_3.png "Download Result")

3. In the response area, click **Save Response > Save to a file**. The output file downloads. Save the file as a *.bmp* file.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_4.png "Download Result")

Commit message:

Design automation/authentication update (#4)
* Updated new collection

* ENvoronment Variables > Collection Variables

* Deleted redundant line

* Renamed last step

* Updated main images

* Updated images for task1 and 2

* Updated task

* Updated task3

* Updated Task 4

* Updated Task 5

* Updated task 6

* Updated Task 7

* Made sub topics sentence case

* Updated inventor collections

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated APS Portal to Postman images

* Updated images

* Updated Revit Tutorial

* renamed images

* Partial upload of new screenshots

* Minor deletion of images

* Partial upload of new images

* partial upload of new screen captures

* Added missing images

* Updated main image

* Update task-4.md

Environment Variables -> Collection Variables

* Update before_you_begin.md

Added zip file instructions

* Update before_you_begin.md

Synced Revit with Inventor

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Added Nav b uttons

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Fixed issue with Tutorial naming

* Fixed issue with tutorial name

* Fixed issue with supported Inventor Versions

* Fixed issue with Authentication version support

* Update supported versions

* Updated supported Postman info

* Updated supported versions

* Updated Model Derivative badges

* Fixed Tutorial name issue

* Updated 3dsMax tutorial instructions

* Updated all screen captures

* Replaced missing image

* Updated images

* Updated collections

* Updated collections

* Added images

* Fixed bugs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jayanath Perera <jayanath.perera@autodesk.com>

DA4Inventor/instructions/task-7.md, after:

# Task 7 - Download the results

Once the WorkItem has completed executing the Activity, Design Automation uploads the resulting files to OSS. You use the Data Management API to download the files to your local machine.


## Get temporary download URL of the resized IPT file

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Download the Result > GET Get S3 Download URL for Resized IPT file**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_1.png "Download Result")

## Download the resized IPT file from OSS

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Download the Result > GET Download Resized IPT file from OSS**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_2.png "Download Result")

3. In the response area, click **Save response to file**. The output file downloads. Save the file as a *.bmp* file.

    ![Save Result](../images/task7-download_step_2b.png "Save Result")

## Get temporary download URL of the generated BMP file

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Download the Result > GET Get S3 Download URL for Generated BMP**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_3.png "Download Result")


## Download generated BMP file from OSS

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 7 - Download the Result > GET Download Generated BMP**. The request loads.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_4.png "Download Result")

2. Click **Send**. You should see a screen similar to the following image.

3. In the response area, click **Save Response > Save to a file**. The output file downloads. Save the file as a *.bmp* file.

    ![Download Result](../images/task7-download_step_5.png "Download Result")
