DA4Inventor/instructions/task-2.md, before:

# Task 2 - Create a Nickname

APS uses the Client ID to uniquely identify an app. The Client ID can be long and cryptic, and hence a source of irritation when you reference the data you add to your app.

A Nickname lets you map a Client ID to an easy-to-use name that you can use in place of the Client ID. This tutorial uses the `dasNickName` Postman Environment Variable to store the Nickname.

**Notes:**

- Once you add data to an App, you are not allowed to set a nickname for the app. The only way you can assign a nickname to an app with data is by first calling  `[DELETE] /forgeapps/me`. This action deletes all data associated with that app, including any existing nickname. The request **Extras > Delete App Data in Design Automation** in this Postman Collection calls (`[DELETE] /forgeapps/me`) and clears the app of all data.

    ![Delete App Data](../images/task2-delete_forge_app.png "Delete app")

- If you get stuck while working on this tutorial, and are unable to proceed, use this request to clear all data from the app, and restart from Task 1.


- Nicknames must be globally unique.  If the nickname is already in use, even by someone else, APS returns a `409 Conflict` error when you try to set the Nickname.

## Save the Nickname to a variable

1. Click the **Environment quick look** icon on the upper right corner of Postman.

2. In the **CURRENT VALUE** column, in the **dasNickName** row, enter a Nickname for your app.

   ![Nickname Variable](../images/task2-environment_variables_grid.png "Nickname Variable")


3. Click the **Environment quick look** icon again, to hide the variables.

## Send a request to set the Nickname

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 2 - Create a Nickname > PATCH Create Nickname**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. If the request is successful, you should see a response similar to the following image. The response has only a header and no body.

    ![Successful nickname](../images/task2-successfull.png "Successful Nickname")

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-1.md "Previous task") [:arrow_forward:](task-3.md "Next task")

Commit message:

Design automation/authentication update (#4)
* Updated new collection

* ENvoronment Variables > Collection Variables

* Deleted redundant line

* Renamed last step

* Updated main images

* Updated images for task1 and 2

* Updated task

* Updated task3

* Updated Task 4

* Updated Task 5

* Updated task 6

* Updated Task 7

* Made sub topics sentence case

* Updated inventor collections

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated Inventor Tutorial

* Updated APS Portal to Postman images

* Updated images

* Updated Revit Tutorial

* renamed images

* Partial upload of new screenshots

* Minor deletion of images

* Partial upload of new images

* partial upload of new screen captures

* Added missing images

* Updated main image

* Update task-4.md

Environment Variables -> Collection Variables

* Update before_you_begin.md

Added zip file instructions

* Update before_you_begin.md

Synced Revit with Inventor

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Added Nav b uttons

* Fixed issue with nav buttons

* Fixed issue with Tutorial naming

* Fixed issue with tutorial name

* Fixed issue with supported Inventor Versions

* Fixed issue with Authentication version support

* Update supported versions

* Updated supported Postman info

* Updated supported versions

* Updated Model Derivative badges

* Fixed Tutorial name issue

* Updated 3dsMax tutorial instructions

* Updated all screen captures

* Replaced missing image

* Updated images

* Updated collections

* Updated collections

* Added images

* Fixed bugs

---------

Co-authored-by: Jayanath Perera <jayanath.perera@autodesk.com>

DA4Inventor/instructions/task-2.md, after:

# Task 2 - Create a Nickname

APS uses the Client ID to uniquely identify an app. The Client ID can often be lengthy and cryptic, which can be a source of frustration when you reference the data added to your app..

A Nickname lets you map a Client ID to an easy-to-use name that you can use in place of the Client ID. This tutorial uses the `dasNickName` Postman Environment Variable to store the Nickname.

**Notes:**

- Once you add data to an App, you are not allowed to set a nickname for the app. The only way you can assign a nickname to an app with data is by first calling  `[DELETE] /forgeapps/me`. This action deletes all data associated with that app, including any existing nickname. The request **Extras > Delete App Data in Design Automation** in this Postman Collection calls (`[DELETE] /forgeapps/me`) and clears the app of all data.

    ![Delete App Data](../images/task2-delete_forge_app.png "Delete app")

- If you get stuck while working on this tutorial, and are unable to proceed, use this request to clear all data from the app, and restart from Task 1.

- Nicknames must be globally unique.  If the nickname is already in use, even by someone else, APS returns a `409 Conflict` error when you try to set the Nickname.

## Save the Nickname to a variable

1. Click the **Environment quick look** icon on the upper right corner of Postman.

2. In the **CURRENT VALUE** column, in the **dasNickName** row, enter a Nickname for your app.

   ![Nickname Variable](../images/task2-environment_variables_grid.png "Nickname Variable")


3. Click the **Environment quick look** icon again, to hide the variables.

## Send a request to set the Nickname

1. On the Postman sidebar, click **Task 2 - Create a Nickname > PATCH Create Nickname**. The request loads.

2. Click **Send**. If the request is successful, you should see a response similar to the following image. The response has only a header and no body.

    ![Successful nickname](../images/task2-successfull.png "Successful Nickname")

[:rewind:](../readme.md "readme.md") [:arrow_backward:](task-1.md "Previous task") [:arrow_forward:](task-3.md "Next task")
